update the description about equality operator (#2455)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/documentation/copy/en/get-started/TS for the New Programmer.md

To summarize, we have a language that was designed for quick uses, and then grew to a full-fledged tool to write applications with millions of lines.
Every language has its own _quirks_ — oddities and surprises, and JavaScript's humble beginning makes it have _many_ of these. Some examples:

> - JavaScript's equality operator (`==`) acts quite loose with types, leading to unexpected behavior:

Author: ```suggestion
- JavaScript's equality operator (`==`) _coerces_ its operands, leading to unexpected behavior:
```

> - JavaScript's equality operator (`==`) attempts to _coerce_ the values, leading to unexpected behavior:

Reviewer: Given that this is for new programmers, I think we're expecting them to know what coercing types is in both versions we could go simpler:

```suggestion
- JavaScript's equality operator (`==`) acts quite loose with types, leading to unexpected behavior:
```

Author: @orta good!
